README.md, before:

# Responsive Product View Component

<img src='/public/readme-images/desktop-layout.png' alt='desktop-layout'/>

## Overview

This is a mini project contributed to <strong>Dev-Geeks</strong> repo in Hacktoberfest 2022 🔥. It's a responsive and reusable product view component that can be easily used in your ecommerce projects.

## What's in store for you?

- Responsive Layout

- Basic functionalities

  - Selecting a variant of a product
  - Increment/decrement item count

- Easy to use
  - All you need to do is pass an object containing all the properties of your product. Feel free to view and edit the sample schema in the models folder.
  ```
    <Product product={data} />
  ```

## Anatomy of the Product View Component

The component has 4 files: component files, view file, hook file, and index file.

- Component Files (product-view.component.jsx and product-view.css)

  - These files house the product view component its self. From the JSX structure to styling.

- Hook File (product-view.hook.jsx)

  - This file contains all of the logic needed in the product view component. In essence, incrementing/decrementing the product count, selecting a variant and adding to cart or buying the product.

- View File (product-view.view.jsx)

  - This file is contains the UI and renders based on state and responds based on the actions provided.

- Index File (index.jsx)

  - This file is the bridge for both the component and logic.

Developed with 💖 by Charles Ching 😎

Commit message:

docs: update docs and added how to get started

README.md, after:

# Responsive Product View Component

<img src='/public/readme-images/desktop-layout.png' alt='desktop-layout'/>

## Overview

This is a mini project contributed to <strong>Dev-Geeks</strong> repo in Hacktoberfest 2022 🔥. It's a responsive and reusable product view component that can be easily used in your ecommerce projects.

## What's in store for you?

- Responsive Layout

- Basic functionalities

  - Selecting a variant of a product
  - Increment/decrement item count

- Easy to use
  - All you need to do is pass an object containing all the information of your product. However, make sure to view the sample schema first to know what keys are supported. Feel free to edit how the component consume data to your liking.

## How to get started?

- Clone the repo
- Install dependencies with `npm i`
- Locally host the website with `npm run dev`

Note: If you're only after the component, you can just copy the `product-view` folder inside the `component` folder and paste it in your own folder. From there you can simply import the `product` component.

Example:

```
  import Product from './somePath';

  <Product product={data} />
```

## Anatomy of the Product View Component

The component has 4 files: component files, view file, hook file, and index file.

- Component Files (product-view.component.jsx and product-view.css)

  - These files house the product view component its self. From the JSX structure to styling.

- Hook File (product-view.hook.jsx)

  - This file contains all of the logic needed in the product view component. In essence, incrementing/decrementing the product count, selecting a variant and adding to cart or buying the product.

- View File (product-view.view.jsx)

  - This file is contains the UI and renders based on state and responds based on the actions provided.

- Index File (index.jsx)

  - This file is the bridge for both the component and logic.

Developed with 💖 by Charles Ching 😎
